Detail the issue of redirection occurring within a transaction. (#168)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/transactions.md

+OK
INCR a b c
-ERR wrong number of arguments for 'incr' command
EXEC
-EXECABORT Transaction discarded because of previous errors.
```

This time due to the syntax error the bad `INCR` command is not queued
at all. And the `EXEC` command will receive an `EXECABORT` error.

> There are some more specific scenarios: in the `MULTI` context, commands are
> successfully queued (i.e., `QUEUED` reply is received), but when the `EXEC` command
> is executed, it is found that the data needed for these commands does not belong to
> the current node (for example, in cluster mode, the accessed slot has been migrated to
> another node; in standalone mode, a primary-replica switch has occurred). In this case,
> the `EXEC` command will receive a `MOVED` or `REDIRECT` result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `EXEC` command is processed, the server will check if a failover or slot migration has occurred since queuing the commands.
If either event has occurred, a `-MOVED` or `-REDIRECT` error will be returned if needed without processing the transaction.
```

I think just being a bit more succinct for what the user will see might make the English problem easier?

Reviewer 2: can we also clarify when `-MOVED`/`-REDIRECR` would be expected as well? I feel like the table (option 1) at https://github.com/valkey-io/valkey/pull/895#issuecomment-2314815331 is very helpful. It would be great if it could be incorporated in this doc.

For cluster mode:

```
MULTI    ==>  +OK
SET x y  ==>  +QUEUED
slot {x} is migrated to other node

> EXEC     ==>  -MOVED

Reviewer 2: I didn't see the `EXECABORT` behavior documented in this file or anywhere in the doc repo. Can we add it here too for completeness?

Author: done
